Meaning of a point in various graphs that are plotted:
The below descriptions require you to have a basic understanding of returns and XIRR.
Investment duration of 3 yrs taken for all examples below.
Below is the meaning of the value of the point on 10-Jan-2023 for all graphs

Sip Rolling Returns (XIRR %):
You invested x amount on each of: 10-Jan-2020, 10-Feb-2020, 20-Mar-2020....until 10-Dec-2022
Totally making 12*3 = 36 investments
x can be anything, but the same amount x is invested every month.
p is the XIRR return percentage of your investment.
So this graph will show you all possible returns(XIRR) this fund generated, if you did a 3 yr SIP.
That is the meaning of rolling returns - a graph where all points are return values.

Sip Rolling Absolute Value (₹):
You invested x amount on each of: 10-Jan-2020, 10-Feb-2020, 20-Mar-2020....until 10-Dec-2022
x is what you input in the text box as monthly SIP amount.
Totally making 12*3 = 36 investments
p is the current value(₹) of your investment
So this graph will show you all possible absolute returns(₹) this fund generated, if you did a 3 yr SIP anytime.
This graph can tell you all possible final investment values this fund had generated in the past if you do a blind SIP of say ₹10,000 in this fund.

Lumpsum Rolling Returns (CAGR %):
You invested x amount on 10-Jan-2020.
x can be anything.
Now the value of your investment is y.
p is the yearly return percentage of you investment

Lumpsum Rolling Absolute Value (₹):
You invested x amount on 10-Jan-2020.
x is what you input in the text box as the lumpsum amount.
p is the current value of your investment


Where is data sourced from:
Index
Currently there are no sources in India where we can fetch historical index data through API.
I manually download from https://www.niftyindices.com/reports/historical-data and upload into the site.
So, this data is stored in the site itself, which has to be manually updated for new dates' data to be available.
Will try to update this every few months.
The data size is 3MB, which is loaded to the page itself.
Everytime you open/refresh the site this 3MB is loaded again.

Mutual funds
Every time you choose a fund, live data is fetched from mfapi.in
This data is always up-to-date.


How are the calculations done:
There are no backend servers to this site, nothing leaves your browser.
Once you select a mutual fund or index, XIRR is calculated for all the supported investment durations (currently 1, 3, 5, 10 years), for both lumpsum and SIP investments.
Given the nav data - this take around 2 mins for one fund/index, as the xirr calculations are time taking.
(Nifty 50 index data is available from 1991, for all durations with Lumpsum and SIP rolling XIRR calcs -> a total of around 80,000 XIRR values need to be calculated)
Which is too much to wait for a graph to load, also the browser will freeze as all the calculations will be done on your device.
To avoid this, a set of precalculated values for XIRR are stored in the website which avoids xirr calc on your device.
The size of the precalculated values is around 3MB, which is loaded to the page itself.
Everytime you open/refresh the site this 3MB is loaded again.
